README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Harshit Agarwal

## I am a 20 y' old who loves learning new technologies
- :computer: I started programming as an 11 y old with Java on Netbeans
- :fireworks: Java and Python are my core developmental languages.
- :balloon: I'm still learning the basics 
- :bell: I'm looking to collaborate with other researchers
- :new_moon_with_face: 2023 Goals: Implement many new research technologies
- :sun_with_face: Fun fact: I love to play guitar
- 😄 Working towards Computational Neuroscience

### Connect with me:
[<img align="left" alt="website" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="nstagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

<br />

### Upcoming projects:

- **Period Tracker (Mo Tracker)** : A Flex AI Based Period Tracker that prioritises Data Security by ways of a Bubble System
- **Neuroscience related project ** : Gonna be learning different aspects of Computational Neurosciences for my planned work at GSOC 2024 in relation to HNN or Neurodenerative Disorder Diagnosis Assistance

**All the apps mentioned above will also include dark mode with other personalized UI** for succesfully implementing the UTAUT2 model.

### Projects I have worked on

- **Portfolio App** : It allows users to create a social media profile for showcasing their talents.

- **Shotes** : An app that initially started as a means to share and access notes but later evolved into an online social app for education for schools and colleges. Only UI/UX, implementation incomplete.

- **Project Chisel** : It allows users to engage in workouts and fitness while also socializing. Currenly the app has been taken down to add better features. I am also looking into adding an AR + AI driven service which allows users to see the form and method to do a certain exercise by just pointing their cameras at it.

Update: Dropped the project after experimenting multiple features on it and loosing interest.

- **Personal Portfolio** : [Go to the website](aharshit123456.github.io) WILL REDEISGN IT

[website]: https://aharshit123456.github.io
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/aharshit123456
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/aharshit123456
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/aharshit123456

<!--
**aharshit123456/aharshit123456** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...

-->

Commit message:

added android app projects for freelance portfolio

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Harshit Agarwal

## I am a 20 y' old who loves learning new technologies
- :computer: I started programming as an 11 y old with Java on Netbeans
- :fireworks: Java and Python are my core developmental languages.
- :balloon: I'm still learning the basics 
- :bell: I'm looking to collaborate with other researchers
- :new_moon_with_face: 2023 Goals: Implement many new research technologies
- :sun_with_face: Fun fact: I love to play guitar
- 😄 Working towards Computational Neuroscience

### Connect with me:
[<img align="left" alt="website" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iconic/open-iconic/master/svg/globe.svg" />][website]
[<img align="left" alt="Twitter" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/twitter.svg" />][twitter]
[<img align="left" alt="LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]
[<img align="left" alt="nstagram" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/instagram.svg" />][instagram]

<br />

### Upcoming projects:

- **Period Tracker (Mo Tracker)** : A Flex AI Based Period Tracker that prioritises Data Security by ways of a Bubble System
- **Neuroscience related project ** : Gonna be learning different aspects of Computational Neurosciences for my planned work at GSOC 2024 in relation to HNN or Neurodenerative Disorder Diagnosis Assistance

**All the apps mentioned above will also include dark mode with other personalized UI** for succesfully implementing the UTAUT2 model.

### Projects I have worked on

- **Portfolio App** : It allows users to create a social media profile for showcasing their talents.

- **Shotes** : An app that initially started as a means to share and access notes but later evolved into an online social app for education for schools and colleges. Only UI/UX, implementation incomplete.

- **Android Apps for Portfolio** :
  1. **Instagram Clone**
  2. **To-do List App**
  3. **Calculator**

- **Project Chisel** : It allows users to engage in workouts and fitness while also socializing. Currenly the app has been taken down to add better features. I am also looking into adding an AR + AI driven service which allows users to see the form and method to do a certain exercise by just pointing their cameras at it.

Update: Dropped the project after experimenting multiple features on it and loosing interest.

- **Personal Portfolio** : [Go to the website](aharshit123456.github.io) WILL REDEISGN IT

[website]: https://aharshit123456.github.io
[twitter]: https://twitter.com/aharshit123456
[instagram]: https://instagram.com/aharshit123456
[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/aharshit123456

<!--
**aharshit123456/aharshit123456** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...

-->
